{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset128 LMRomanUnsl10;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 DejaVu Sans;}{\f8\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 DejaVu Serif;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans;}{\f10\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f11\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af9\dbch\af10\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af11 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af11\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af11 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2013\mo9\dy25\hr16\min7}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern3500}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc{\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Election Master, }{\i0\ulnone\ulc0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Jonathan Edwards \tab }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Age:35}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc{\rtlch \ltrch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\qc\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
Jonathan Edwards is a 35-year-old, male, Election Master. He is more of a behind-the-scenes kind of worker, focused, always determined, and very skilled. He is also usually very underappreciated. Jonathan is married to a lovely wife of the same age, with no children to his name. She is one of the few people who truly appreciates his efforts. Jonathan lives with his wife in a flat in downtown Toronto where when he arrives after a long day of work has a very comfortable, relaxing evening with his wife. Jonathan is mostly estranged from his family and his parents are unfortunately no longer alive. His family drifted after their departures when they got into a feud over his parents' will. Jonathan is content to no have to be around what he calls his 'money-sucking relatives'. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8

\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
\tab His hobbies include disassembling software and reading up on Machine Learning ever since he started to study the topic. Jonathan initially accepted his job as his party's Election Master because of the appreciation and responsibilities he assumed being a 'master' would afford him. He was wrong, it was really a fluffed up title for a lowly technician to configure the technology for his party. Strangely enough, he tried to avoid politics most of his life anyways, but jumped at the opportunity to help people where his surrounding colleagues saw human virtue as political vice. Jonathan works full time: a total of 65 hours every week. The pay is good. No matter how much his underappreciated self gets battered after a long work shift, he knows not to transfer his anguish to his wife. He's been working at the position for three years, with hopes of moving up the ranks with his new-found knowledge of how politics work.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af9\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
\tab Jonathan is very fond of technology. He became computer literate at a very young age, anticipating that it would change the way everything gets done, and boy was he right.. He is also very skilled with computers and became relatively good at disassembling software so much that he can modify underlying assembly code and still yet understand what he's doing. Since Jonathan is so skilled with application dis-assembly, he never really needs too much of an accessible GUI he only desires that the parameters that he needs to be specified can be easily inferred. In this case, as the Election Master, he would like a system that he could use to accurately predict a mapping of his party's effort to the results at the polls with an easily-specifiable and thorough set of parameters. Though Jonathan likes reading on Machine Learning, he is still new to the topic so he would need this prediction model to be preprogrammed.}
\par }